= MusicSync =
A home-rolled music-syncing solution for [mailto:bluecurio@gmail.com Daniel Renfro]'s Galaxy S4. 

== Description  ==
This repository is an amalgamation of code that will read an [http://support.apple.com/kb/ht1660 iTunes XML file], output [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/M3U .m3u playlist] files (thanks to Eric Daugherty's [http://www.ericdaugherty.com/dev/itunesexport/ iTunes Export] code) and copy them intellegently to a different location. When paired with the amazing [https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.codesector.droidnas&hl=en Droid NAS Android app], this allows you to put music on your phone the way you want. No more having [http://www.android.com/filetransfer/ Android File Transfer] die mid-transfer or balk at your device, or shell out your hard earned money for a slow, crappy wi-fi syncing program (I'm looking at you [http://www.doubletwist.com/airsync/ AirSync].)

== Usage ==
# Clone this repository
# Run ./export-playlists.sh to fill the <tt>playlists/</tt> directory with .m3u playlist files
#: You might need to tweak the settings options, have a look at [http://www.ericdaugherty.com/dev/itunesexport/#Using iTunes Export the documentation]
# Download and install the [https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.codesector.droidnas&hl=en Droid NAS Android app] on your Android device
#: Be sure to set it up appropriately. I created a mount-point for the external SD Card (which happens to found at <tt>/storage/extSdCard/</tt> on a Galaxy S4.)
# Start Droid NAS on your device and mount it on your computer
# Run ./sync.pl, giving it a playlist (--playlist) to copy over and a place to copy stuff to (--location). 
#: On my MacBook Pro my Galaxy S4's SD Card gets mounted at /Volumes/extSdCard.
#: Something like <code>./sync.pl --playlist ./playlists/PopMusic.m3u --location /Volumes/extSdCard/Music/</code>
# Point your favorite media player at the music and enjoy!
#: You might need to download and install the [https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.promethyl.force.media.scanner&hl=en Force Media Scan app] to refresh Android's internal media database

== License ==
=== iTunes Export ===
Copyright (c) 2003-2009, Eric Daugherty (http://www.ericdaugherty.com) All rights reserved.

=== Everything else ===
[https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt Apache 2.0]
